THIS OPERATING AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made and entered into this day of acceptance, by and between Spott (together with its affiliates and subsidiaries, “the Developer”) and you (“the Tester”). Whereas the Developer possesses certain Confidential Information, which the Developer is willing to disclose to the Tester on the terms set out below and the Tester is willing to accept the Confidential Information on those terms. Developer has designed and developed a proprietary software product known internally as Spott (“the Program”). Developer and Tester desire that Tester use, evaluate and conduct tests, and to report results of such use, evaluations and tests to Developer on the current version of the Program (“the Permitted Purpose”) and Tester agrees to use Confidential Information only for the Permitted Purpose. 

NOW IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS
1. Confidential Information. “Confidential Information” means any and all information communicated to the Tester by or on behalf of the Developer, whether tangible, written, electronic or oral, including without limitation, know-how, data, processes, designs, sketches, photographs, drawings, specifications, software programs, samples, prototypes, concepts, ideas, business plans, manufacturing or distribution methods and processes, prices and pricing methods, marketing and customer information, and financial information. 

2. Confidentiality. Tester agrees that it will treat any reports provided to Developer, and any other information created by Tester, disclosed by Tester or disclosed by Developer about the Program, as confidential to Developer. Tester agrees not to disclose, publish, display or otherwise make available Spott or any information gained from its use of the Program to any third party without the prior written consent of Developer. Tester agrees to secure and protect the Program and any copies thereof in a manner consistent with the maintenance of Developer’s rights herein and to take appropriate action by instruction or agreement with its employees who are permitted access to the Program to satisfy Tester’s obligations hereunder. In the performance of this Agreement or contemplation thereof, Tester may have access to know how, trade secrets and other Confidential Information, owned by Developer. Tester agrees to keep all such information confidential.

3. Exclusions. Developer agrees to provide Tester with use of the Program or certain modules of the Program, and hereby grants the Tester a limited license to use the Program pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The Program will be provided solely for Tester’s nonexclusive, internal, limited use on computer(s) that Developer has provided or computers of which Developer has approved. 

4. In consideration of the Developer disclosing the Confidential Information, the Tester hereby undertakes:
4.1	to keep confidential all Confidential Information that it may acquire in any manner;
4.2	to use such Confidential Information exclusively for the Permitted Purpose;
4.3	to not disclose such Confidential Information to anybody, except to authorized employees or other agents of the Tester who need to have access to the Confidential Information to carry out their duties in connection with the Permitted Purpose;
4.4	to inform everybody to whom it discloses Confidential Information that it is confidential and obtain their agreement to keep it confidential on the same terms as this Agreement;
4.5	to keep safe any tangible items containing Confidential Information provided by the Developer, not to reproduce, part with possession of, modify or otherwise interfere with such items, to return them immediately upon the Developer’s request and in any event spontaneously when no longer required for the purposes of this Agreement;
4.6	to notify the Developer immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of confidence by anybody to whom the Tester has disclosed the Information and give all necessary assistance in connection with any steps which the Developer may wish to take to prevent, stop or obtain compensation for such breach or threatened breach.

5. Intellectual Property. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to grant to the Tester a license expressly or by implication under any patent, copyright or other intellectual property right. The Developer retains all ownership and other rights in the Confidential Information. The Tester will not apply for or obtain any intellectual property protection in respect of the Confidential Information.  All intellectual property rights relating to any drawings, documents, or work carried out by the Tester (whether past, present or future) using the Confidential Information will belong to and will vest in the Developer. 

6. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitations of Liabilities. Developer may make changes to the Program at Developer’s sole discretion. Developer does not guarantee or assume responsibility for any impact of use of the Program on Tester’s equipment. Tester acknowledges that the Program constitutes an “untested” product. Tester understands that the testing of the Program has not yet been completed, nor does Developer authorize the Program for general release. Tester agrees and acknowledges that the Program is experimental and that the Program may be in draft form. The Program is being delivered “as is” without any warranties of any kind. 

7. Permitted Uses of Tester’s Reports. The Tester agrees that the reports prepared by the Tester and delivered to Developer may be used by Developer for all business purposes without any further consent or accounting in the development, manufacture, marketing and maintenance of the Program and other Developer products and services, including reproduction and preparation of derivative works based upon such reports, as well as distribution of such derivative works. 

8. Injunctive Relief. The Developer will have the right, in addition to any other rights the Developer may have at law or in equity, to seek immediate injunctive relief enjoining any breach or potential breach of this Agreement by the Tester.

9. Governing Law. This agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, USA, without application of conflict of law provisions.

For and on behalf of the Tester, for and on behalf of the Developer:

[Electronic Signature] 